Word 	Part of speech 	Last practiced 	Strength
zwölf	Numeral	10 months ago	
zwischen	Preposition	11 months ago	
Zwillinge	Noun	1 year ago	
zwei	Numeral	1 month ago	
zweiundvierzig	Numeral	1 month ago	
zweiunddreißig	Numeral	1 month ago	
zweiundachtzig	Numeral	1 month ago	
zwanzig	Numeral	1 month ago	
zu	Adverb	1 month ago	
zu	Preposition	1 month ago	
zuständig	Adjective	1 week ago	
zusammen	Adverb	1 month ago	
zur	Preposition	1 month ago	
zum	Preposition	1 month ago	
Zug	Noun	10 months ago	
zufrieden	Adjective	2 hours ago	
Zucker	Noun	6 months ago	
zu mittag		3 weeks ago	
zu abend		1 month ago	
Zitrone	Noun	9 months ago	
Zimmer	Noun	10 months ago	
ziemlich	Adverb	4 weeks ago	
Zeug	Noun	1 month ago	
Zentrum	Noun	3 days ago	
Zentrale	Noun	1 week ago	
Zeitungen	Noun	1 year ago	
Zeitung	Noun	2 months ago	
zeigt	Verb	1 month ago	
zeigen	Verb	1 year ago	
zehn	Numeral	1 month ago	
Zaun	Noun	1 year ago	
Zahnbürste	Noun	10 months ago	
Zahn	Noun	1 year ago	
Zahlen	Noun	1 month ago	
Zahl	Noun	1 month ago	
wo	Adverb	1 month ago	
worüber	Adverb	1 month ago	
womit	Adverb	1 month ago	
Wolle	Noun	11 months ago	
Wohnung	Noun	1 year ago	
wohin	Adverb	1 month ago	
woher	Adverb	1 month ago	
wofür	Adverb	1 month ago	
wöchentlich	Adjective	4 weeks ago	
Wochen	Noun	4 weeks ago	
Woche	Noun	4 weeks ago	
wir	Pronoun	4 months ago	
wirklich	Adjective	1 month ago	
Wind	Noun	1 year ago	
willkommen	Adjective	3 weeks ago	
wie	Conjunction	1 month ago	
wieso	Adverb	1 month ago	
wien	Proper noun	10 months ago	
wieder	Adverb	1 month ago	
wie viel		1 month ago	
wie viele		1 month ago	
wie geht's		1 month ago	
wie bitte		1 month ago	
wichtig	Adjective	1 month ago	
wichtiger	Adjective	4 weeks ago	
wessen	Pronoun	10 months ago	
wer	Pronoun	1 year ago	
wert	Adjective	1 week ago	
Werkzeuge	Noun	1 month ago	
Werkzeug	Noun	1 month ago	
wen	Pronoun	1 year ago	
wenn	Conjunction	10 months ago	
welche	Determiner	10 months ago	
welches	Determiner	10 months ago	
welcher	Determiner	11 months ago	
welchen	Determiner	10 months ago	
welchem	Determiner	1 year ago	
weit	Adjective	2 months ago	
weiß	Adjective	10 months ago	
weiße	Adjective	10 months ago	
weißes	Adjective	12 months ago	
weißen	Adjective	1 month ago	
Wein	Noun	1 year ago	
weil	Conjunction	1 month ago	
weich	Adjective	3 days ago	
wegen	Preposition	10 months ago	
Weg	Noun	10 months ago	
was	Pronoun	1 year ago	
Wasser	Noun	4 months ago	
wäscht	Verb	1 year ago	
wasche	Verb	10 months ago	
waschen	Verb	10 months ago	
warum	Adverb	1 month ago	
warm	Adjective	1 month ago	
wann	Adverb	1 month ago	
wandern	Verb	10 months ago	
Wand	Noun	10 months ago	
wahrscheinlich	Adjective	2 hours ago	
während	Preposition	1 month ago	
vor	Preposition	9 months ago	
Vorspeise	Noun	9 months ago	
vorne	Adverb	1 week ago	
Vorname	Noun	1 year ago	
von	Preposition	1 month ago	
vom	Preposition	1 month ago	
voll	Adjective	10 months ago	
Vögel	Noun	2 weeks ago	
Vogel	Noun	1 year ago	
vierzig	Numeral	1 month ago	
vierzehn	Numeral	1 month ago	
vier	Numeral	1 month ago	
vierundzwanzig	Numeral	1 month ago	
vierte	Adjective	11 months ago	
viel	Determiner	1 month ago	
vielleicht	Adverb	1 month ago	
viele	Determiner	1 year ago	
vielen	Determiner	11 months ago	
Verwandte	Noun	1 year ago	
versteht	Verb	1 year ago	
verstehst	Verb	1 year ago	
verstehe	Verb	1 year ago	
verstehen	Verb	1 year ago	
Verspätung	Noun	10 months ago	
verpflichtet	Adjective	2 hours ago	
Verkehr	Noun	10 months ago	
verkauft	Verb	1 month ago	
Verkäufer	Noun	11 months ago	
verheiratet	Adjective	11 months ago	
Vergangenheit	Noun	4 weeks ago	
verfügbar	Adjective	yesterday	
verantwortlich	Adjective	1 week ago	
Vegetarier	Noun	1 year ago	
Vater	Noun	1 year ago	
Urlaub	Noun	10 months ago	
Urgroßmutter	Noun	1 year ago	
Urenkel	Noun	1 year ago	
unter	Preposition	11 months ago	
unten	Adverb	1 week ago	
uns	Pronoun	1 month ago	
unsichtbar	Adjective	yesterday	
unser	Pronoun	1 year ago	
unsere	Pronoun	1 year ago	
unserer	Pronoun	11 months ago	
unseren	Pronoun	10 months ago	
unserem	Pronoun	11 months ago	
unmöglich	Adjective	2 hours ago	
und	Conjunction	1 week ago	
unbekannt	Adjective	yesterday	
unabhängig	Adjective	yesterday	
um	Preposition	1 month ago	
ums	Preposition	1 month ago	
über	Preposition	11 months ago	
überall	Adverb	1 week ago	
Türke	Noun	1 year ago	
Tür	Noun	1 year ago	
tschüss	Interjection	3 weeks ago	
trinkt	Verb	1 week ago	
trinkst	Verb	2 months ago	
Trinkgeld	Noun	1 year ago	
trinke	Verb	2 months ago	
trinken	Verb	2 months ago	
Treppe	Noun	1 month ago	
traurig	Adjective	2 months ago	
Trainer	Noun	11 months ago	
trägt	Verb	10 months ago	
trägst	Verb	1 month ago	
trage	Verb	1 year ago	
Tourismus	Noun	1 year ago	
Tour	Noun	1 year ago	
Tomaten	Noun	1 year ago	
Tomate	Noun	1 year ago	
toll	Adjective	1 month ago	
Toiletten	Noun	1 month ago	
Töchter	Noun	10 months ago	
Tochter	Noun	10 months ago	
Tisch	Noun	1 year ago	
Tiere	Noun	1 year ago	
Tier	Noun	10 months ago	
tief	Adjective	1 month ago	
teurer	Adjective	1 week ago	
teuer	Adjective	2 months ago	
Teppich	Noun	1 year ago	
Teller	Noun	1 month ago	
Telefonnummer	Noun	10 months ago	
Tee	Noun	1 year ago	
tausend	Numeral	1 month ago	
tatsächlich	Adjective	3 days ago	
Tassen	Noun	10 months ago	
Tasse	Noun	10 months ago	
Taschen	Noun	1 year ago	
Tasche	Noun	1 year ago	
täglich	Adjective	4 weeks ago	
süß	Adjective	1 month ago	
Suppe	Noun	1 year ago	
super	Adjective	4 weeks ago	
Summe	Noun	10 months ago	
Stühle	Noun	1 year ago	
Stuhl	Noun	10 months ago	
Studentin	Noun	12 months ago	
Student	Noun	12 months ago	
Strecken	Noun	10 months ago	
Strecke	Noun	10 months ago	
Straße	Noun	1 month ago	
Stern	Noun	yesterday	
stark	Adjective	1 month ago	
stärker	Adjective	4 weeks ago	
Standort	Noun	3 days ago	
Stadtplan	Noun	10 months ago	
Stadt	Noun	11 months ago	
spricht	Verb	1 year ago	
sprichst	Verb	10 months ago	
spreche	Verb	1 year ago	
sprechen	Verb	1 year ago	
spielt	Verb	1 year ago	
spielst	Verb	10 months ago	
spiele	Verb	10 months ago	
spielen	Verb	1 year ago	
Spiegel	Noun	11 months ago	
Speisekarte	Noun	11 months ago	
spätestens	Adverb	4 weeks ago	
spanien	Proper noun	10 months ago	
so	Adverb	1 month ago	
Sonntage	Noun	4 weeks ago	
Sonne	Noun	yesterday	
sondern	Conjunction	1 month ago	
Sonderangebot	Noun	1 year ago	
solange	Conjunction	1 month ago	
Söhne	Noun	11 months ago	
Sohn	Noun	1 year ago	
Sofa	Noun	yesterday	
sobald	Conjunction	1 month ago	
sinnvoll	Adjective	2 weeks ago	
sind	Verb	4 months ago	
sie	Pronoun	1 month ago	
sieht	Verb	1 year ago	
siehst	Verb	10 months ago	
siebzig	Numeral	1 month ago	
siebzehn	Numeral	1 month ago	
siebte	Verb	11 months ago	
sieben	Numeral	1 month ago	
sichtbar	Adjective	yesterday	
Senioren	Noun	10 months ago	
Senior	Noun	10 months ago	
Senf	Noun	10 months ago	
seltsam	Adjective	1 week ago	
selbstverständlich	Adjective	2 hours ago	
seit	Preposition	1 month ago	
sei	Verb	2 weeks ago	
sein	Pronoun	1 year ago	
seine	Pronoun	1 month ago	
seinen	Pronoun	1 year ago	
seinem	Pronoun	11 months ago	
Seife	Noun	10 months ago	
seid	Verb	4 months ago	
seht	Verb	1 year ago	
sehr	Adverb	1 week ago	
sehe	Verb	10 months ago	
Sehenswürdigkeiten	Noun	1 year ago	
sehen	Verb	1 year ago	
sechzig	Numeral	10 months ago	
sechzehn	Numeral	1 month ago	
sechste	Adjective	11 months ago	
sechs	Numeral	1 month ago	
schwimmt	Verb	1 month ago	
schwimmen	Verb	2 hours ago	
Schwestern	Noun	1 month ago	
Schwester	Noun	1 month ago	
schwer	Adjective	2 weeks ago	
schweiz	Proper noun	1 year ago	
Schweizer	Noun	10 months ago	
schweizer franken		1 month ago	
Schweine	Noun	10 months ago	
Schwein	Noun	1 month ago	
Schweden	Noun	10 months ago	
schwarz	Adjective	1 month ago	
schwarzes	Adjective	9 months ago	
schwarze	Adjective	10 months ago	
schwanger	Adjective	1 month ago	
schwach	Adjective	1 month ago	
Schüssel	Noun	11 months ago	
Schulter	Noun	1 year ago	
Schülerinnen	Noun	10 months ago	
Schülerin	Noun	10 months ago	
Schüler	Noun	11 months ago	
Schulen	Noun	1 year ago	
Schule	Noun	1 year ago	
Schuhe	Noun	1 year ago	
Schuh	Noun	1 year ago	
schreibt	Verb	10 months ago	
schreibst	Verb	10 months ago	
schreibe	Verb	10 months ago	
schreiben	Verb	2 weeks ago	
schön	Adjective	2 months ago	
schon	Adverb	1 month ago	
schöner	Adjective	4 weeks ago	
Schokolade	Noun	1 year ago	
schnell	Adjective	2 weeks ago	
schneller	Adjective	1 week ago	
schmutzig	Adjective	9 months ago	
Schmuck	Noun	10 months ago	
schmeckt	Verb	1 year ago	
Schlüssel	Noun	10 months ago	
Schloss	Noun	1 year ago	
schlecht	Adjective	1 month ago	
Schlafzimmer	Noun	9 months ago	
schläft	Verb	10 months ago	
schläfst	Verb	10 months ago	
schlafe	Verb	2 weeks ago	
schlafen	Verb	1 year ago	
Schlaf	Noun	1 month ago	
scharf	Adjective	1 month ago	
sauer	Adjective	1 month ago	
sauber	Adjective	10 months ago	
Samstage	Noun	4 weeks ago	
salzig	Adjective	3 weeks ago	
Salz	Noun	10 months ago	
Salat	Noun	1 month ago	
sagt	Verb	9 months ago	
sagst	Verb	1 year ago	
sage	Verb	1 year ago	
sagen	Verb	1 year ago	
Saft	Noun	10 months ago	
rund	Adjective	1 month ago	
ruhig	Adjective	1 month ago	
ruf	Verb	3 weeks ago	
rufe	Verb	2 weeks ago	
Rücken	Noun	1 year ago	
rot	Adjective	1 month ago	
rotes	Adjective	1 month ago	
roter	Adjective	1 month ago	
rote	Adjective	12 months ago	
roten	Adjective	1 month ago	
Rot	Noun	9 months ago	
Röcke	Noun	1 year ago	
Rock	Noun	1 year ago	
Ring	Noun	12 months ago	
richtig	Adjective	1 month ago	
Rezept	Noun	10 months ago	
Restaurants	Noun	1 month ago	
rennt	Verb	1 year ago	
rennst	Verb	10 months ago	
renne	Verb	10 months ago	
relativ	Adjective	1 week ago	
Reiseführer	Noun	10 months ago	
Reise	Noun	1 year ago	
Reis	Noun	1 year ago	
Reinigung	Noun	10 months ago	
reicht	Verb	10 months ago	
reich	Adjective	1 month ago	
regional	Adjective	3 weeks ago	
Rasierer	Noun	10 months ago	
Publikum	Noun	10 months ago	
Prozent	Noun	9 months ago	
Professorin	Noun	1 month ago	
Professor	Noun	1 month ago	
privat	Adjective	1 week ago	
Preise	Noun	1 month ago	
Preis	Noun	10 months ago	
praktisch	Adjective	6 days ago	
positiv	Adjective	2 hours ago	
plötzlich	Adjective	3 days ago	
Pizza	Noun	10 months ago	
pink	Adjective	1 month ago	
Pilze	Noun	1 year ago	
Pilz	Noun	11 months ago	
Pferd	Noun	10 months ago	
persönlich	Adjective	6 days ago	
Person	Noun	1 year ago	
perfekt	Adjective	1 month ago	
Pension	Noun	1 week ago	
passt	Verb	1 year ago	
Pass	Noun	1 year ago	
Partnerschaft	Noun	1 month ago	
Partner	Noun	1 year ago	
Pappe	Noun	11 months ago	
Papier	Noun	4 weeks ago	
paar	Determiner	1 month ago	
österreich	Proper noun	10 months ago	
Ort	Noun	3 days ago	
original	Adjective	2 weeks ago	
Orangensaft	Noun	1 year ago	
Orangen	Noun	1 year ago	
Orange	Noun	1 year ago	
Opa	Noun	1 year ago	
Oma	Noun	1 year ago	
Ohr	Noun	11 months ago	
ohne	Preposition	1 month ago	
öffnet	Verb	1 month ago	
offen	Adjective	3 days ago	
oder	Conjunction	1 month ago	
obwohl	Conjunction	1 month ago	
Obst	Noun	3 weeks ago	
oben	Adverb	3 weeks ago	
nützlich	Adjective	6 days ago	
Nüsse	Noun	10 months ago	
Nuss	Noun	10 months ago	
nur	Adverb	1 month ago	
Nummer	Noun	1 month ago	
Nudeln	Noun	10 months ago	
notwendig	Adjective	yesterday	
normal	Adjective	1 month ago	
normalerweise	Adverb	4 weeks ago	
noch	Adverb	1 month ago	
nimm	Verb	1 week ago	
nie	Adverb	1 month ago	
niemand	Determiner	1 month ago	
niemals	Adverb	1 month ago	
nichts	Determiner	1 year ago	
nicht	Adverb	1 month ago	
Nichten	Noun	1 year ago	
neunzig	Numeral	1 month ago	
neunzehn	Numeral	1 month ago	
neun	Numeral	1 month ago	
neu	Adjective	1 month ago	
nein	Adverb	3 weeks ago	
Neffen	Noun	1 year ago	
nebenan	Adverb	1 week ago	
Natur	Noun	1 year ago	
Nasen	Noun	11 months ago	
Namen	Noun	9 months ago	
Name	Noun	9 months ago	
Nachtisch	Noun	1 year ago	
nach	Preposition	1 month ago	
Nachbar	Noun	1 year ago	
Müsli	Noun	10 months ago	
Mund	Noun	1 year ago	
müde	Adjective	1 month ago	
Motorräder	Noun	10 months ago	
Motorrad	Noun	1 year ago	
möglich	Adjective	6 days ago	
mögen	Verb	1 month ago	
Möbel	Noun	1 year ago	
Mittwoch	Noun	11 months ago	
Mittagessen	Noun	11 months ago	
mit	Preposition	9 months ago	
Mitglieder	Noun	1 year ago	
Mitglied	Noun	1 year ago	
Mitarbeiterin	Noun	11 months ago	
Mitarbeiter	Noun	11 months ago	
mir	Pronoun	1 month ago	
mir geht's gut		1 month ago	
Millionen	Noun	1 month ago	
Million	Noun	1 month ago	
Milliarden	Noun	1 month ago	
Milch	Noun	2 months ago	
Mietwagen	Noun	1 year ago	
mich	Pronoun	10 months ago	
Meter	Noun	1 month ago	
Metall	Noun	10 months ago	
Messer	Noun	1 month ago	
Menschen	Noun	10 months ago	
Mensch	Noun	10 months ago	
Meister	Noun	10 months ago	
mein	Pronoun	1 month ago	
meiner	Pronoun	1 month ago	
meinen	Pronoun	1 month ago	
meinem	Pronoun	1 month ago	
meine	Pronoun	10 months ago	
Mäuse	Noun	1 month ago	
Maus	Noun	10 months ago	
Mauer	Noun	10 months ago	
Mathematik	Noun	11 months ago	
Marmelade	Noun	1 month ago	
Marktplatz	Noun	1 week ago	
Märkte	Noun	10 months ago	
Markt	Noun	10 months ago	
Mäntel	Noun	1 year ago	
Mantel	Noun	1 year ago	
Männer	Noun	4 months ago	
Mann	Noun	3 weeks ago	
manche	Determiner	1 year ago	
magst	Verb	1 year ago	
mag	Verb	1 year ago	
Magen	Noun	1 year ago	
Mädchen	Noun	1 week ago	
machen	Verb	10 months ago	
mache	Verb	10 months ago	
lustig	Adjective	3 days ago	
Luft	Noun	1 month ago	
Löffel	Noun	9 months ago	
Liter	Noun	1 month ago	
liest	Verb	1 year ago	
lies	Verb	2 weeks ago	
Licht	Noun	10 months ago	
Leute	Noun	10 months ago	
lest	Verb	1 year ago	
lesen	Verb	1 year ago	
lese	Verb	1 year ago	
lernt	Verb	1 year ago	
lernst	Verb	1 year ago	
lerne	Verb	1 year ago	
Leitern	Noun	10 months ago	
Leiter	Noun	1 month ago	
leise	Adjective	1 month ago	
leider	Adverb	1 month ago	
leicht	Adjective	1 month ago	
leichter	Adjective	1 week ago	
Lehrerin	Noun	1 month ago	
Lehrer	Noun	11 months ago	
legt	Verb	1 month ago	
leer	Adjective	1 month ago	
Leder	Noun	4 weeks ago	
lecker	Adjective	2 months ago	
leben	Verb	1 year ago	
lebe	Verb	10 months ago	
laut	Adjective	1 month ago	
läuft	Verb	1 year ago	
läufst	Verb	10 months ago	
laufen	Verb	1 year ago	
laufe	Verb	1 year ago	
lass	Verb	1 week ago	
langsam	Adjective	2 weeks ago	
langsamer	Adjective	1 week ago	
lang	Adjective	1 month ago	
länger	Adjective	4 weeks ago	
Lampe	Noun	10 months ago	
kurz	Adjective	2 weeks ago	
Kupfer	Noun	11 months ago	
Kunden	Noun	12 months ago	
Kunde	Noun	12 months ago	
Kühe	Noun	1 month ago	
Kuh	Noun	1 year ago	
Küche	Noun	10 months ago	
krank	Adjective	yesterday	
kostet	Verb	1 year ago	
kostenlos	Adjective	6 days ago	
kosten	Verb	10 months ago	
Kosmetik	Noun	1 year ago	
Körper	Noun	1 year ago	
Köpfe	Noun	1 month ago	
komplett	Adjective	3 days ago	
kommt	Verb	6 months ago	
kommst	Verb	1 year ago	
kommen	Verb	1 year ago	
komme	Verb	1 year ago	
komisch	Adjective	3 days ago	
kocht	Verb	10 months ago	
kochst	Verb	10 months ago	
Köchinnen	Noun	11 months ago	
koche	Verb	1 year ago	
Koch	Noun	10 months ago	
Knöpfe	Noun	10 months ago	
Knopf	Noun	1 year ago	
Knoblauch	Noun	1 year ago	
knapp	Adjective	1 week ago	
klein	Adjective	1 month ago	
kleines	Adjective	10 months ago	
kleiner	Adjective	4 weeks ago	
kleinen	Adjective	4 weeks ago	
Kleidung	Noun	1 year ago	
Kleider	Noun	1 year ago	
Kleid	Noun	1 year ago	
klar	Adjective	2 hours ago	
Kinder	Noun	4 months ago	
Kind	Noun	1 week ago	
kennt	Verb	1 year ago	
kennen	Verb	10 months ago	
kenne	Verb	10 months ago	
Keller	Noun	1 year ago	
kein	Determiner	9 months ago	
keiner	Determiner	1 month ago	
keinen	Determiner	10 months ago	
keine	Determiner	1 month ago	
keine ahnung		3 weeks ago	
kauft	Verb	1 month ago	
kaufen	Verb	11 months ago	
kaufe	Verb	1 year ago	
Katzen	Noun	1 year ago	
Katze	Noun	1 year ago	
Kasse	Noun	10 months ago	
Käse	Noun	1 year ago	
Karton	Noun	11 months ago	
Kartoffeln	Noun	1 year ago	
Kartoffel	Noun	1 year ago	
kaputt	Adjective	2 weeks ago	
kalt	Adjective	1 month ago	
Kaffee	Noun	1 year ago	
jung	Adjective	1 month ago	
Jungen	Noun	4 months ago	
Junge	Noun	3 weeks ago	
jemand	Determiner	1 month ago	
jedes	Determiner	1 year ago	
jeder	Determiner	1 year ago	
jede	Determiner	1 year ago	
ja	Adverb	3 weeks ago	
Jacken	Noun	1 year ago	
Jacke	Noun	1 year ago	
italien	Proper noun	1 month ago	
ist	Verb	1 week ago	
isst	Verb	2 months ago	
irgendwo	Adverb	1 month ago	
irgendwie	Adverb	1 month ago	
irgendwer	Determiner	1 month ago	
irgendwas	Determiner	1 month ago	
irgendwann	Adverb	1 month ago	
inzwischen	Adverb	4 weeks ago	
international	Adjective	6 days ago	
ins	Preposition	10 months ago	
Inseln	Noun	1 week ago	
Insel	Noun	1 week ago	
Insekt	Noun	1 year ago	
Innere	Noun	2 weeks ago	
innen	Adverb	1 week ago	
in	Preposition	11 months ago	
individuell	Adjective	2 hours ago	
in ordnung		3 weeks ago	
immer	Adverb	1 month ago	
im	Preposition	1 month ago	
ihr	Pronoun	1 month ago	
ihrer	Pronoun	9 months ago	
ihren	Pronoun	1 month ago	
ihrem	Pronoun	1 year ago	
ihre	Pronoun	1 year ago	
ihn	Pronoun	1 month ago	
ihnen	Pronoun	1 month ago	
ihm	Pronoun	1 month ago	
ich	Pronoun	3 weeks ago	
Hüte	Noun	1 year ago	
Hut	Noun	10 months ago	
Hunger	Noun	3 weeks ago	
hundert	Numeral	1 month ago	
hundertdreiundzwanzig	Numeral	1 month ago	
Hunde	Noun	1 year ago	
Hund	Noun	1 year ago	
Hotel	Noun	1 year ago	
Hosen	Noun	1 year ago	
hört	Verb	1 year ago	
höre	Verb	1 year ago	
Honig	Noun	1 year ago	
höher	Adjective	4 weeks ago	
Höfe	Noun	1 week ago	
Hof	Noun	1 week ago	
Hochzeit	Noun	11 months ago	
hoch	Adjective	2 weeks ago	
hinter	Preposition	9 months ago	
hinten	Adverb	3 weeks ago	
Himmel	Noun	10 months ago	
hilft	Verb	10 months ago	
hilfreich	Adjective	3 weeks ago	
hier	Adverb	3 weeks ago	
Herzen	Noun	1 month ago	
Herren	Noun	1 month ago	
Herr	Noun	1 month ago	
Hemden	Noun	1 year ago	
Hemd	Noun	1 year ago	
helft	Verb	1 year ago	
helfen	Verb	1 year ago	
helfe	Verb	1 year ago	
Heizung	Noun	10 months ago	
heißt	Verb	1 year ago	
heiße	Verb	10 months ago	
heiße	Adjective	1 month ago	
Haut	Noun	1 month ago	
Haustier	Noun	1 year ago	
Haushaltsgeräte	Noun	9 months ago	
Haushalt	Noun	10 months ago	
Häuser	Noun	1 month ago	
Hauptgericht	Noun	1 year ago	
hat	Verb	1 week ago	
hast	Verb	2 months ago	
hart	Adjective	1 week ago	
hans	Proper noun	1 month ago	
Handtuch	Noun	11 months ago	
Händler	Noun	11 months ago	
handle	Verb	1 week ago	
Hände	Noun	1 month ago	
Hand	Noun	1 year ago	
hamburg	Proper noun	10 months ago	
hallo	Interjection	3 weeks ago	
Halle	Noun	1 week ago	
Hälfte	Noun	10 months ago	
Halbschwester	Noun	1 year ago	
Halbbruder	Noun	1 year ago	
Hähnchen	Noun	1 year ago	
habt	Verb	2 months ago	
haben	Verb	1 week ago	
habe	Verb	1 week ago	
Haare	Noun	1 month ago	
Gutscheine	Noun	1 week ago	
gut	Adjective	3 weeks ago	
gutes	Adjective	11 months ago	
guter	Adjective	10 months ago	
guten	Adjective	10 months ago	
guten tag		1 month ago	
guten morgen		1 month ago	
guten abend		1 month ago	
gute	Adjective	4 weeks ago	
gute nacht		3 weeks ago	
Gruppen	Noun	1 month ago	
Gruppe	Noun	1 year ago	
grün	Adjective	1 month ago	
grünen	Adjective	11 months ago	
grüne	Adjective	1 month ago	
Grundstück	Noun	1 week ago	
Großvater	Noun	1 year ago	
Großmutter	Noun	10 months ago	
groß	Adjective	1 month ago	
größer	Adjective	1 week ago	
großen	Adjective	4 weeks ago	
Großeltern	Noun	10 months ago	
große	Adjective	11 months ago	
großbritannien	Proper noun	10 months ago	
grau	Adjective	1 month ago	
grauen	Adjective	12 months ago	
gratis	Adverb	6 days ago	
Gold	Noun	1 month ago	
Gläser	Noun	11 months ago	
Glas	Noun	1 month ago	
gibt	Verb	1 year ago	
gewöhnlich	Adjective	4 weeks ago	
Getränk	Noun	1 year ago	
gesund	Adjective	2 months ago	
Geschwister	Noun	1 year ago	
Geschlecht	Noun	10 months ago	
Geschäftsführer	Noun	10 months ago	
gern	Adverb	1 month ago	
gerne	Adverb	1 month ago	
gern geschehen		3 weeks ago	
genug	Adverb	1 month ago	
genau		1 month ago	
genau	Adjective	3 days ago	
Gemüse	Noun	1 year ago	
gemeinsam	Adjective	1 week ago	
Geldautomat	Noun	10 months ago	
gelb	Adjective	1 month ago	
geht	Verb	3 weeks ago	
gehst	Verb	10 months ago	
gehört	Verb	1 year ago	
gehörst	Verb	1 month ago	
gehören	Verb	1 month ago	
geh	Verb	3 weeks ago	
gehen	Verb	1 year ago	
gehe	Verb	10 months ago	
Gegner	Noun	1 month ago	
gegenüber	Preposition	3 days ago	
gegen	Preposition	1 month ago	
geben	Verb	1 year ago	
gebe	Verb	1 year ago	
Gebäude	Noun	1 month ago	
Gäste	Noun	9 months ago	
Gast	Noun	9 months ago	
ganz	Adverb	4 weeks ago	
Füße	Noun	10 months ago	
für	Preposition	1 month ago	
fünfzig	Numeral	1 month ago	
fünfzehn	Numeral	9 months ago	
fünf	Numeral	1 month ago	
frühstückst	Verb	1 year ago	
frühstücke	Verb	1 year ago	
Frühstück	Noun	1 year ago	
frisch	Adjective	2 months ago	
Freundin	Noun	1 year ago	
Freunde	Noun	10 months ago	
Freund	Noun	1 year ago	
frei	Adjective	1 month ago	
Frauen	Noun	4 months ago	
Frau	Noun	3 weeks ago	
frankreich	Proper noun	10 months ago	
Fragen	Noun	1 year ago	
Frage	Noun	1 year ago	
folgt	Verb	9 months ago	
folgst	Verb	1 year ago	
folgen	Verb	9 months ago	
folge	Verb	9 months ago	
Flughafen	Noun	1 week ago	
Flüge	Noun	10 months ago	
Flug	Noun	10 months ago	
Fliege	Noun	1 year ago	
Fleisch	Noun	1 year ago	
Flasche	Noun	10 months ago	
Fläche	Noun	3 days ago	
fit	Adjective	3 weeks ago	
Fische	Noun	1 year ago	
Fisch	Noun	10 months ago	
Finger	Noun	1 month ago	
Feuerwehr	Noun	1 month ago	
Feuer	Noun	1 month ago	
fest	Adjective	2 weeks ago	
fertig	Adjective	3 weeks ago	
Ferienhäuser	Noun	1 week ago	
Ferienhaus	Noun	2 weeks ago	
Ferien	Noun	10 months ago	
Fenster	Noun	1 month ago	
Farben	Noun	1 year ago	
Farbe	Noun	1 month ago	
Fans	Noun	1 year ago	
Familien	Noun	10 months ago	
Familie	Noun	1 year ago	
falsch	Adjective	3 days ago	
fällt	Verb	1 year ago	
fallen	Verb	1 year ago	
Fahrzeuge	Noun	1 month ago	
Fahrzeug	Noun	1 month ago	
Fahrt	Noun	10 months ago	
Fahrrad	Noun	1 month ago	
Fahrer	Noun	10 months ago	
fahre	Verb	10 months ago	
extrem	Adjective	3 days ago	
Euros	Noun	1 month ago	
Euro	Noun	1 month ago	
euren	Pronoun	1 month ago	
eure	Pronoun	1 year ago	
euer	Pronoun	10 months ago	
euch	Pronoun	9 months ago	
etwas	Pronoun	10 months ago	
esst	Verb	2 months ago	
essen	Verb	2 months ago	
Essen	Noun	2 months ago	
esse	Verb	2 months ago	
es	Pronoun	1 week ago	
es tut mir leid		3 weeks ago	
es gibt		1 month ago	
Erwachsene	Noun	9 months ago	
erstes	Adjective	10 months ago	
ersten	Adjective	1 month ago	
erste	Adjective	11 months ago	
er	Pronoun	1 week ago	
Erde	Noun	yesterday	
Erdbeere	Noun	1 year ago	
entweder	Conjunction	1 month ago	
Entschuldigung	Noun	1 year ago	
entlang		1 year ago	
Enten	Noun	1 month ago	
Ente	Noun	1 year ago	
Enkelin	Noun	1 year ago	
Englisch	Noun	1 month ago	
endlich	Adverb	10 months ago	
Ende	Noun	10 months ago	
Eltern	Noun	10 months ago	
elf	Numeral	10 months ago	
Eis	Noun	2 months ago	
einundzwanzig	Numeral	9 months ago	
eins	Numeral	1 month ago	
einschließlich	Preposition	1 month ago	
Einkaufszentrum	Noun	12 months ago	
einfach	Adjective	2 months ago	
einer	Determiner	1 month ago	
einen	Determiner	2 months ago	
einem	Determiner	1 month ago	
ein	Determiner	1 week ago	
eine	Determiner	3 weeks ago	
eindeutig	Adjective	2 hours ago	
Eier	Noun	1 year ago	
Ei	Noun	6 months ago	
eher	Adverb	4 weeks ago	
egal	Adjective	1 week ago	
echt	Adjective	1 week ago	
Dutzend	Noun	9 months ago	
Durst	Noun	2 months ago	
durch	Preposition	1 month ago	
du	Pronoun	1 week ago	
drücken	Verb	1 year ago	
drüben	Adverb	3 weeks ago	
dritte	Adjective	11 months ago	
drinnen	Adverb	1 week ago	
dreizehn	Numeral	10 months ago	
dreiundzwanzig	Numeral	1 month ago	
dreißig	Numeral	1 month ago	
drei	Numeral	1 month ago	
draußen	Adverb	1 week ago	
dran	Adverb	1 month ago	
dort	Adverb	3 weeks ago	
Dorf	Noun	10 months ago	
Dollar	Noun	10 months ago	
doch	Conjunction	10 months ago	
dir	Pronoun	1 month ago	
dieses	Pronoun	9 months ago	
dieser	Pronoun	11 months ago	
diesen	Pronoun	9 months ago	
diesem	Pronoun	1 year ago	
diese	Pronoun	1 year ago	
dies	Pronoun	1 year ago	
die	Determiner	1 week ago	
dich	Pronoun	1 month ago	
deutschland	Proper noun	10 months ago	
Deutsch	Noun	1 month ago	
deutlich	Adjective	2 hours ago	
der	Determiner	9 months ago	
denn	Conjunction	1 month ago	
denkt	Verb	10 months ago	
denkst	Verb	10 months ago	
denke	Verb	1 year ago	
den	Determiner	1 month ago	
dem	Determiner	1 month ago	
deiner	Pronoun	11 months ago	
deinen	Pronoun	9 months ago	
deinem	Pronoun	1 year ago	
deine	Pronoun	1 month ago	
dein	Pronoun	1 month ago	
dass	Conjunction	10 months ago	
das		1 month ago	
das	Pronoun	3 weeks ago	
das	Determiner	1 week ago	
danke	Verb	1 year ago	
danke	Interjection	3 weeks ago	
danach	Adverb	4 weeks ago	
Damen	Noun	1 month ago	
da	Conjunction	1 month ago	
da	Adverb	3 weeks ago	
Dach	Noun	1 month ago	
Cousinen	Noun	1 year ago	
Chefin	Noun	11 months ago	
Cent	Noun	1 month ago	
Butter	Noun	11 months ago	
Busse	Noun	9 months ago	
Bushaltestelle	Noun	1 year ago	
Bus	Noun	10 months ago	
Bürgermeister	Noun	11 months ago	
Bürger	Noun	10 months ago	
bunte	Adjective	11 months ago	
bunt	Adjective	1 month ago	
Bundesland	Noun	2 weeks ago	
bucht	Verb	10 months ago	
Bücher	Noun	10 months ago	
Buch	Noun	1 week ago	
Brüste	Noun	1 year ago	
Brüder	Noun	1 month ago	
Brücke	Noun	1 month ago	
Brot	Noun	1 week ago	
bringt	Verb	1 year ago	
bringe	Verb	1 month ago	
braun	Adjective	1 month ago	
braucht	Verb	1 month ago	
brauchen	Verb	1 year ago	
brauche	Verb	10 months ago	
Boot	Noun	10 months ago	
Blumen	Noun	10 months ago	
Blume	Noun	1 month ago	
blauen	Adjective	11 months ago	
blau	Adjective	1 month ago	
bitte	Adverb	3 weeks ago	
bist	Verb	1 week ago	
bis	Preposition	9 months ago	
bis später		1 month ago	
bis morgen		1 month ago	
bis bald		1 month ago	
bin	Verb	3 weeks ago	
billig	Adjective	1 month ago	
Bier	Noun	3 weeks ago	
Biene	Noun	1 year ago	
Bibliothek	Noun	1 month ago	
Bezirk	Noun	1 week ago	
Beziehungen	Noun	1 year ago	
Beziehung	Noun	1 year ago	
bezahlt	Verb	1 year ago	
bezahlen	Verb	10 months ago	
bezahle	Verb	1 month ago	
Bett	Noun	1 year ago	
Beton	Noun	11 months ago	
Besucher	Noun	9 months ago	
Besuch	Noun	1 month ago	
besten	Adjective	11 months ago	
beste	Adjective	4 weeks ago	
bessere	Adjective	4 weeks ago	
besser	Adjective	4 weeks ago	
Berufe	Noun	11 months ago	
Beruf	Noun	1 month ago	
Berge	Noun	1 month ago	
Berg	Noun	1 year ago	
bereit	Adjective	1 week ago	
Bereich	Noun	1 week ago	
beliebt	Adjective	2 weeks ago	
bekannt	Adjective	yesterday	
Beine	Noun	10 months ago	
beim	Preposition	10 months ago	
beiden	Determiner	11 months ago	
beide	Determiner	1 month ago	
bei	Preposition	1 month ago	
beginnt	Verb	1 year ago	
beginnen	Verb	10 months ago	
beginne	Verb	1 year ago	
begeistert	Adjective	yesterday	
Bedienung	Noun	11 months ago	
bayern	Proper noun	10 months ago	
Bäume	Noun	1 year ago	
Baum	Noun	10 months ago	
Bauer	Noun	1 month ago	
bauen	Verb	1 year ago	
Batterien	Noun	11 months ago	
Batterie	Noun	1 month ago	
Bären	Noun	1 month ago	
Bär	Noun	1 month ago	
Bank	Noun	1 year ago	
Balkon	Noun	1 year ago	
bald	Adverb	4 weeks ago	
Bahn	Noun	1 month ago	
Bad	Noun	10 months ago	
Bäckerin	Noun	1 month ago	
Bäckerei	Noun	1 year ago	
Bäcker	Noun	12 months ago	
Babys	Noun	1 year ago	
Baby	Noun	1 month ago	
Autos	Noun	10 months ago	
Autoren	Noun	11 months ago	
Autor	Noun	1 month ago	
automatisch	Adjective	1 week ago	
Auto	Noun	1 year ago	
außen	Adverb	3 weeks ago	
Ausland	Noun	2 weeks ago	
ausgezeichnet	Adjective	1 week ago	
aus	Preposition	3 weeks ago	
Augen	Noun	9 months ago	
Auge	Noun	1 month ago	
aufs	Preposition	1 month ago	
auf	Preposition	11 months ago	
auf wiedersehen		1 month ago	
auch	Adverb	1 month ago	
Ärztin	Noun	11 months ago	
Ärzte	Noun	1 month ago	
Arzt	Noun	9 months ago	
Architekten	Noun	10 months ago	
Architekt	Noun	10 months ago	
Arbeitnehmer	Noun	1 month ago	
Arbeitgeberinnen	Noun	10 months ago	
Arbeitgeberin	Noun	10 months ago	
Arbeitgeber	Noun	11 months ago	
Arbeit	Noun	11 months ago	
Apotheken	Noun	1 week ago	
Apotheke	Noun	1 week ago	
Äpfel	Noun	10 months ago	
Apfelsaft	Noun	1 year ago	
Apfel	Noun	1 year ago	
antwortet	Verb	10 months ago	
antwortest	Verb	1 year ago	
antworten	Verb	1 year ago	
Antworten	Noun	11 months ago	
Antwort	Noun	1 year ago	
Anfänger	Noun	9 months ago	
anderes	Determiner	1 year ago	
andere	Determiner	1 year ago	
an	Preposition	11 months ago	
am	Preposition	1 month ago	
alt	Adjective	2 weeks ago	
als	Conjunction	1 week ago	
allgemein	Adjective	1 week ago	
alles	Determiner	1 month ago	
alles klar		2 weeks ago	
alleine	Adverb	1 month ago	
alle	Determiner	2 months ago	
aktiv	Adjective	1 week ago	
ähnlich	Adjective	1 month ago	
afrika	Proper noun	10 months ago	
achtzig	Numeral	1 month ago	
achtzehn	Numeral	9 months ago	
achtundzwanzig	Numeral	9 months ago	
acht	Numeral	1 month ago	
abhängig	Adjective	yesterday	
aber	Conjunction	1 month ago	
Abenteuer	Noun	10 months ago	
Abendessen	Noun	1 year ago	
ab	Preposition	9 months ago	
